If the person who comes wears white clothes
You have to say anything else.
little brother
Stone pillar high elimination
White clothes?
No more. No more.
If the person who comes wears red clothes
That's the murderer you offended during the day
Don't hurt him when he asks
Give him the straw man with your birthday written on it
If he ends this disaster
Even if the grass blocks for you
Does my brother have paper?
Do you have red or white?
Thanks.
Ah!
It's back.
It's over, it's over, it's over.
Got into trouble again
Grandpa grandpa
What is Wang Lihao doing?
Grandpa, I just fell asleep.
Here comes a woman in red
I don't talk to him very much.
You are really underachieving and underachieving
How long have you been a scourge?
Just left
Grandpa is there